feat: add env variables (#396)
sygmaprotocol/sygma-sdk: examples/substrate-to-evm-fungible-transfer/README.md

**Note**

> To replace default transfer from  Rhala to sepolia use env variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the default environment variables defined with your own using env variables from your `.env` file: 
```
